File based role definition documentation additions (#46114)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/rest-api/security/delete-roles.asciidoc

> The Roles API is generally the preferred way to manage roles, rather than using

Reviewer: I think this sentence it talking about all the create/update/clear/delete/get API, not just a single API:
```suggestion
The roles APIs are generally the preferred way to manage roles, rather than using
```

> file-based role management. For more information about the native realm, see 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{stack-ov}/defining-roles.html#roles-management-file[file-based role management]. The delete roles API cannot remove roles that are defined in roles files.

For more information about the native realm, see 
```

{stack-ov}/realms.html[Realms] and <<configuring-native-realm>>.

> This API can't be used to delete any roles defined in {stack-ov}/defining-roles.html#roles-management-file[roles files]

Reviewer: If you accept my other suggestions, this sentence is no longer required:
```suggestion

```
